0	“Checkmate,” Rosaline announced with glee.	She was getting to be really good at	chess	monopoly	football	H
  checkmate is said in chess, by someone who is playing it (and winning).
  BL5
1	Justin put a second house on Park Place.	He and his sister often spent hours playing	monopoly	chess	baseball	H
  **putting a house on Park place is something you do when playing monopoly
2	He caught the pass and scored another touchdown.	There was nothing he enjoyed more than a good game of	football	baseball	monopoly	H
  touchdowns are part of playing football
  BL5,1
3	Rich couldn’t count the number of Yankees games he had seen with his father.	They both shared a lifelong interest in	baseball	football	chess	H
  Yankees games are games of baseball
  BL5,1
4	Getting both himself and his car to work on the neighboring island was time-consuming.	Every morning he drove for a few minutes and then boarded the	ferry	canoe	plane	L
  working on a nearby island and taking a car there requires taking a ferry
  BL5,1
5	The patient was in critical condition and the ambulance wouldn’t be fast enough.	They decided they would have to use the	helicopter	plane	ferry	L
  faster alternative to ambulance for critical patients is a helicopter
  BL5,1
6	Amy was very anxious about traveling abroad for the first time.	She felt surprisingly better, however, when she actually boarded the	plane	helicopter	canoe	L
  anxiety about travel and international travel typically mean airplane
  BL5,1
7	The day before the wedding, the kitchen was just covered with frosting.	Annette’s sister was responsible for making the	cake	cookies	toast	L
  wedding and frosting suggests cake
  BL5,1
8	The little girl was happy that Santa Claus left nothing but crumbs on the plate.	She decided he must have really enjoyed the	cookies	cake	pancakes	H
  **children leave cookies on plates for SC, and cookies leave crumbs
9	He wanted to make his wife breakfast, but he burned piece after piece.	I couldn’t believe he was ruining even the	toast	pancakes	cookies	H
  **breakfast food that comes in pieces that can be burned suggests toast
10	She keeps twirling it around and around under her collar.	Stephanie seems really happy that Dan gave her that	necklace	bracelet	mascara	L
  object that can be twirled under a collar is usually a necklace
  BL5,1
11	She wanted to make her eyelashes look really black and thick.	So she asked to borrow her older friend’s	mascara	lipstick	necklace	H
  thing that makes eyelashes black and thick is mascara
  BL5
12	He complained that after she kissed him, he couldn’t get the red color off his face.	He finally just asked her to stop wearing that	lipstick	mascara	bracelet	H
  **kissing and leaving red color behind suggests she's wearing lipstick
13	Eleanor offered to fix her visitor some coffee.	Then she realized she didn’t have a clean	cup	bowl	spoon	L
  coffee goes in cups, so lack of a clean cup is most relevant
  BL5,1
14	My aunt fixed my brother some cereal using her best china.	Of course, the first thing he did was drop the	bowl	cup	knife	L
  cereal uses bowls, and the bowl is nice china -- dropping the bowl is relevant because best china
  BB5
15	At the dinner party, I wondered why my mother wasn’t eating her soup.	Then I noticed that she didn’t have a	spoon	knife	bowl	H
  **description suggests mother already has soup in bowl, but soup also needs spoon, which is plausible to be missing
16	In the dorms, cutting your steak can be a huge struggle.	They always give you such a poor quality	knife	spoon	cup	L
  **cut steak with knife, and poor quality knife would explain the struggle
17	He journeyed to the African plains, hoping to get a photograph of the king of the beasts.	Unfortunately, the whole time he was there he never saw a	lion	tiger	panda	H
  king of beasts (esp in Africa) refers to lion
  BL5,1
18	George was hiking in India when he saw the orange and black striped animal leap out at him.	He sustained serious injuries before he managed to kill the	tiger	lion	otter	L
  orange and black striped animal, esp in India, suggests a tiger
  BL5
19	Wendy wondered how they had managed to ship such a large animal all the way from China.	She waited in line to see the newly acquired	panda	otter	tiger	L
  **large animal from China suggests panda
20	Barb loved the feel of the waves on her feet, but she hated to walk barefoot.	As a compromise, she usually wore a pair of	sandals	boots	shorts	H
  Barb wants a solution to feel waves on feet without being barefoot, which suggests sandals
  BL5,1
21	By the end of the day, the hiker’s feet were extremely cold and wet.	It was the last time he would ever buy a cheap pair of	boots	sandals	jeans	L
  hiking usually done in boots, and cheap boots would explain cold, wet feet
  BL5
22	Everyone agreed that the stone-washed kind were out of style.	But he continued to wear the same old pair of	jeans	shorts	sandals	H
  stone-washed refers to jeans, paired with style and wearing
  BL5,1
23	As the afternoon progressed, it became hotter and hotter.	Keith finally decided to put on a pair of	shorts	jeans	boots	L
  in hot weather, common to wear pair of shorts
  BL5
24	Pablo wanted to cut the lumber he had bought to make some shelves.	He asked his neighbor if he could borrow her	saw	hammer	rake	L
  **Pablo wants to cut lumber, so he needs a saw
25	Tina lined up where she thought the nail should go.	When she was satisfied, she asked Bruce to hand her the	hammer	saw	shovel	H
  after lining up a nail, typically hit with hammer
  BL5
26	The snow had piled up on the drive so high that they couldn’t get the car out.	When Albert woke up, his father handed him a	shovel	rake	saw	H
  **snow piled high blocking car means need a shovel
27	The yard was completely covered with a thick layer of dead leaves.	Erica decided it was time to get out the	rake	shovel	hammer	H
  **yard covered in leaves means need a rake
28	Fred went to the pantry and got out the homemade jelly his grandmother had brought.	Fifteen minutes later, however, he was still struggling to open the	jar	box	zipper	L
  jelly comes in jars, which need to be opened (and sometimes that's hard)
  BL5,1
29	After they unpacked the new refrigerator, they let Billy have his fun.	He played for days afterwards with the big	box	jar	button	L
  **refrigerators come in large boxes, which kids like to play with
30	It seemed to catch every time she opened or closed her backpack.	She decided she would have to replace the	zipper	button	box	H
  **something that catches when opening/closing backpack suggests zipper
31	One fell off her blouse and got lost, and she didn’t have any extras.	She ended up searching all over town to find a matching	button	zipper	jar	H
  **a single item of several that falls off blouse, for which you would want extras, suggests button
32	“I’m an animal like Eeyore!” the child exclaimed.	His mother wondered why he was pretending to be a	donkey	zebra	greyhound	L
  **Eeyore is a donkey
33	At the zoo, my sister asked if they painted the black and white stripes on the animal.	I explained to her that they were natural features of a	zebra	donkey	chihuahua	H
  **black and white strips on animal at zoo suggests zebra
